Merging next to main for release 1.0.1 (#2)
splunk-soar-connectors/awsdynamodb: README.md

-   #### Filter Expressions

    They allow you to filter the results of queries and scans to allow for more efficient responses.

-   #### Projection Expressions

    They are used to specify a subset of attributes you want to receive when reading Items. We used
    these in our GetItem calls in the previous lesson.

  

The following actions uses expressions

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 50%" />
<col style="width: 50%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Expression Name</th>
<th>Action Name</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Condition Expression</td>
<td><ul>
<li>Delete Item</li>
<li>Put Item</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Update Expression</td>
<td><ul>
<li>Update Item</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Key Condition Expression</td>
<td><ul>
<li>Query Data</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Filter Expression</td>
<td><ul>
<li>Query Data</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Projection Expression</td>
<td><ul>
<li>Query Data</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### Expression attribute names and values

While using this app certain actions will ask for **expression attribute names** and **expression

> attribute values** which would be necessary while using expressions. This values are necessary to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attribute values** which would be necessary while using expressions. These values are necessary to
```

Reviewer 2: Updated the code and resolved the issue.

                    }
                

-   Multiple JSON object for LSI

                    [
                      {
                          "sort_key_name": "lsi_one",
                          "sort_key_datatype": "String",
                          "attribute_projection": "INCLUDE",
                          "non_key_attributes": [
                              "one",
                              "two",
                              "three"
                          ]
                      },
                      {
                          "sort_key_name": "lsi_two",
                          "sort_key_datatype": "String",
                          "attribute_projection": "ALL"
                      }
                    ]
                

**Global Secondary Index**

To create a global secondary index(GSI), Partition key becomes necessary. Sort key is optional. The
parameters for Global Secondary Indexes remain the same as Local Secondary Index, just Partition key
name and Partition key name datatype are added and they become required parameters. Whereas Sort key
name and Sort key datatype become optional. The provisional read and write capacity units are the

> same as the original table. (Can only create 20 GSI at max)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A partition key is required to create a global secondary index(GSI) while a sort key is optional. All other
parameters for Global Secondary Indexes remain the same as those for Local Secondary Indexers; however, partition key
name and partition key name datatype are additional required parameters whereas sort key
name and sort key datatype are optional parameters. The provisional read and write capacity units are the
same as the original table (can only create 20 GSI at max).

Reviewer 2: Updated the code and resolved the issue.

action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.content-length | string |  |   252 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.content-type | string |  |   application/x-amz-json-1.0 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.date | string |  |   Wed, 14 Sep 2022 12:29:03 GMT 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.server | string |  |   Server 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.x-amz-crc32 | string |  |   1789868498 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.x-amzn-requestid | string |  |   K109PP9CK2RGFK6BV1HDE87C5JVV4KQNSO5AEMVJF66Q9ASUAAJG 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPStatusCode | numeric |  |   200 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.RequestId | string |  |   K109PP9CK2RGFK6BV1HDE87C5JVV4KQNSO5AEMVJF66Q9ASUAAJG 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.RetryAttempts | numeric |  |   0 
action_result.summary | string |  |  
action_result.message | string |  |   Created backup successfully 
summary.total_objects | numeric |  |   1 
summary.total_objects_successful | numeric |  |   1   

## action: 'restore backup table'
Create a new table from an existing backup

Type: **generic**  
Read only: **False**

> <p> <strong>Restore Secondary Indexes</strong> <p> Restore Secondary Indexes parameter is used to restore the define the secondary indexes of the new restored table. There are following two options for the parameter: <ul> <li><strong>Restore the entire table</strong> <p>Restore table with original indexes as they are in the backup</p> </li> <li> <strong> Restore the table without secondary indexes </strong> (Selected by Default) <p> It Restores table without any indexes. There will be no Local and Global Secondary Index. Incase you want to add indexes, you can only create Global Secondary Indexes. Local Secondary Indexes cannot be created once the table is created. </p> </li> </ul> </p> </p> <p> <strong>NOTE</strong> <p> If while restoring table <strong>Restore the table without secondary indexes</strong> option is selected then there will be no Local Secondary Index. </p> </p>

Reviewer: The first sentence is confusing and doesn't make sense. I'm not too familiar with this app but I feel like the first sentence should be "The Restore Secondary Indexes parameter is used to restore the secondary indexes of the newly restored table."

Reviewer 2: Updated the code and resolved the issue.

> <p> <strong>Restore Secondary Indexes</strong> <p> Restore Secondary Indexes parameter is used to restore the define the secondary indexes of the new restored table. There are following two options for the parameter: <ul> <li><strong>Restore the entire table</strong> <p>Restore table with original indexes as they are in the backup</p> </li> <li> <strong> Restore the table without secondary indexes </strong> (Selected by Default) <p> It Restores table without any indexes. There will be no Local and Global Secondary Index. Incase you want to add indexes, you can only create Global Secondary Indexes. Local Secondary Indexes cannot be created once the table is created. </p> </li> </ul> </p> </p> <p> <strong>NOTE</strong> <p> If while restoring table <strong>Restore the table without secondary indexes</strong> option is selected then there will be no Local Secondary Index. </p> </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p> <strong>Restore Secondary Indexes</strong> <p> The Restore Secondary Indexes parameter is used to restore the secondary indexes of the newly restored table. These are following two options for the parameter: <ul> <li><strong>Restore the entire table</strong> <p>Restores table with original indexes as saved in the backup</p> </li> <li> <strong> Restore table without secondary indexes </strong> (Selected by Default) <p> Restores table without any indexes. There will be no Local and Global Secondary Indexes. You can only create Global Secondary Indexes after the table is created. Local Secondary Indexes cannot be created once the table is created. </p> </li> </ul> </p> </p> <p> <strong>NOTE</strong> <p> If while restoring table <strong>Restore the table without secondary indexes</strong> option is selected then there will be no Local Secondary Indexes. </p> </p>
```

Reviewer 2: Updated the code and resolved the issue.

action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.SSEDescription.Status | string |  |   ENABLED 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.StreamSpecification.StreamEnabled | boolean |  |   True  False 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.StreamSpecification.StreamViewType | string |  `aws dynamodb stream view type`  |   NEW_AND_OLD_IMAGES 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.TableArn | string |  |   arn:aws:dynamodb:us-east-1:157568067690:table/testdata 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.TableId | string |  |   78197d82-7d17-49ad-b622-fb5a619832dd 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.TableName | string |  |   testdata 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.TableSizeBytes | numeric |  |   0 
action_result.data.\*.TableDescription.TableStatus | string |  |   DELETING 
action_result.data.\*.TableNames | string |  |  
action_result.summary | string |  |  
action_result.message | string |  |   Deleted Table Successfully 
summary.total_objects | numeric |  |   1 
summary.total_objects_successful | numeric |  |   1   

## action: 'create table'
Create a table in the database

Type: **generic**  
Read only: **False**

> <ul> <li> <strong> Partition and Sort Key </strong> <div> <p> Each table has a Primary Key to identify items uniquely. The primary Key in DynamoDB is made up of Partition Key and Sort Key. Sort is Optional, but once the table is created you cannot add/update Sort Key </p> <p> All Partition and Sort key in Dynamodb have only three supported datatype String, Number and Binary</p> </div> </li> <li> <strong> Billing Mode </strong> <div> <p>The Billing mode defines how you going to be charged for read and write throughput and how you manage capacity. This setting can be changed later.</p> <p>Billing Mode has two values, by default it will be set to <strong>PROVISIONED</strong>.</p> <ul> <li>PROVISIONED: Sets the billing mode to Provisioned Mode</li> <li>PAY PER REQUEST: Sets the billing mode to On-Demand Mode</li> </ul> <p> When the billing mode is Provisioned, read and write capacity becomes required parameters. The values for read and write capacity units are default set to 5. Also, auto-scaling is disabled. </p> </div> </li> <li> <strong> Secondary Indexes </strong> <div> <p> For creating Local Secondary Index (LSI) and Global Secondary Index (GSI), please refer the documentation above. </p> <p> Once table is created local secondary index cannot be added/updated, but Global Secondary can be created. </p> </div> </li> <li> <strong> Enable Stream </strong> <div> <p> A DynamoDB stream is an ordered flow of information about changes to items in a DynamoDB table. When you enable a stream on a table, DynamoDB captures information about every modification to data items in the table. To enable streams for table, set the enable_stream to true. </p> <p>If stream are enabled you need to select stream view type. There are four options you could select from: </p> <ul> <li> KEYS ONLY: Only the key attributes of the modified item are written to the stream. </li> <li> NEW IMAGE: The entire item, as it appears after it was modified, is written to the stream. </li> <li> OLD IMAGE: The entire item, as it appeared before it was modified, is written to the stream. </li> <li> NEW AND OLD IMAGES: Both the new and the old item images of the item are written to the stream. </li> </ul> </div> </li> <li> <strong>SSE</strong> <div> <p> To use the SSE set the SSE to true. </p> <p>If enabled (true), server-side encryption type is set to KMS and an Amazon Web Services managed key is used (KMS charges apply). If disabled (false) or not specified, server-side encryption is set to Amazon Web Services owned key.</p><p>If SSE is enable and KMS master key is provided, then that key will be used for encryption.</p> </div> </li> <li> <strong>KMS Master Key</strong> <p> The KMS key that should be used for the KMS encryption. To specify a key, use its key ID, Amazon Resource Name (ARN), alias name, or alias ARN. Note that you should only provide this parameter if the key is different from the default DynamoDB key alias/aws/dynamodb </p> </li> <li> <strong>Tags</strong> <div> <p> To add tags to you table, follow the step given below </p> <ul> <li> For a single values for tags, pass a JSON object. The JSON object should contain the "Key" and "Value" keys. These two keys are required and without these adding tags won't be possible. <p> { "Key" : "key_data", "Value" : "value_data" } </p> </li> <li> For multiple values in tags, pass a list of JSON object. <p> [ { "Key" : "key_data1", "Value" : "value_data1" }, { "Key" : "key_data2", "Value" : "value_data2" } ] </p> </li> </ul> </div> </li> </ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ul> <li> <strong> Partition and Sort Key </strong> <div> <p> Each table has a Primary Key to identify items uniquely. The Primary Key in DynamoDB is made up of a Partition Key and a Sort Key. The Sort Key is optional, but once the table is created you cannot add/update the Sort Key. </p> <p> All Partition and Sort Keys in Dynamodb have only three supported datatypes: String, Number and Binary</p> </div> </li> <li> <strong> Billing Mode </strong> <div> <p>The Billing mode defines how you will be charged for read and write throughput and how capacity is managed. This setting can be changed later.</p> <p>Billing Mode has two values, by default it will be set to <strong>PROVISIONED</strong>.</p> <ul> <li>PROVISIONED: Sets the billing mode to Provisioned Mode</li> <li>PAY PER REQUEST: Sets the billing mode to On-Demand Mode</li> </ul> <p> When the billing mode is Provisioned, read and write capacity become required parameters. The values for read and write capacity units are set to 5 by default. Also, auto-scaling is disabled. </p> </div> </li> <li> <strong> Secondary Indexes </strong> <div> <p> For creating Local Secondary Indexes (LSI) and Global Secondary Indexes (GSI), please refer the documentation above. </p> <p> Once a table is created, Local Secondary Indexes cannot be added/updated, but Global Secondary Indexes can be created. </p> </div> </li> <li> <strong> Enable Stream </strong> <div> <p> A DynamoDB stream is an ordered flow of information about changes to items in a DynamoDB table. When you enable a stream on a table, DynamoDB captures information about every modification to data items in the table. To enable streams for table, set enable_stream to true. </p> <p>If streams are enabled you need to select a stream view type. There are four options you could select from: </p> <ul> <li> KEYS ONLY: Only the key attributes of the modified item are written to the stream. </li> <li> NEW IMAGE: The entire item, as it appears after it was modified, is written to the stream. </li> <li> OLD IMAGE: The entire item, as it appeared before it was modified, is written to the stream. </li> <li> NEW AND OLD IMAGES: Both the new and the old item images of the item are written to the stream. </li> </ul> </div> </li> <li> <strong>SSE</strong> <div> <p> To use the SSE set the SSE to true. </p> <p>If enabled (true), server-side encryption type is set to KMS and an Amazon Web Services managed key is used (KMS charges apply). If disabled (false) or not specified, server-side encryption is set to Amazon Web Services owned key.</p><p>If SSE is enable and KMS master key is provided, then that key will be used for encryption.</p> </div> </li> <li> <strong>KMS Master Key</strong> <p> The KMS key that should be used for the KMS encryption. To specify a key, use its key ID, Amazon Resource Name (ARN), alias name, or alias ARN. Note that you should only provide this parameter if the key is different from the default DynamoDB key alias/aws/dynamodb </p> </li> <li> <strong>Tags</strong> <div> <p> To add tags to your table, follow the steps given below: </p> <ul> <li> For single-value tags, pass a JSON object. The JSON object should contain the "Key" and "Value" keys, which are both required. <p> { "Key" : "key_data", "Value" : "value_data" } </p> </li> <li> For multiple values in tags, pass a list of JSON object. <p> [ { "Key" : "key_data1", "Value" : "value_data1" }, { "Key" : "key_data2", "Value" : "value_data2" } ] </p> </li> </ul> </div> </li> </ul>
```

Reviewer 2: Updated the code and resolved the issue.

action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.content-length | string |  |   106 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.content-type | string |  |   application/x-amz-json-1.0 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.date | string |  |   Thu, 22 Sep 2022 05:59:54 GMT 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.server | string |  |   Server 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.x-amz-crc32 | string |  |   4263225874 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPHeaders.x-amzn-requestid | string |  |   EITIHSOAI9VTL2VPB08G059K63VV4KQNSO5AEMVJF66Q9ASUAAJG 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.HTTPStatusCode | numeric |  |   200 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.RequestId | string |  |   EITIHSOAI9VTL2VPB08G059K63VV4KQNSO5AEMVJF66Q9ASUAAJG 
action_result.data.\*.ResponseMetadata.RetryAttempts | numeric |  |   0 
action_result.summary | string |  |  
action_result.message | string |  |   Fetched Item Data Successfully 
summary.total_objects | numeric |  |   1 
summary.total_objects_successful | numeric |  |   1   

## action: 'query data'
Query data from database

Type: **investigate**  
Read only: **True**

> <ul> <li>Select Parameter<ul> <li>The select parameter defines what attributes are supposed to fetched. There are following options :</li> <ul> <li><b>ALL_ATTRIBUTES</b> : Returns all of the item attributes from the specified table or index. If you query a local secondary index, then for each matching item in the index, DynamoDB fetches the entire item from the parent table. If the index is configured to project all item attributes, then all of the data can be obtained from the local secondary index, and no fetching is required.</li> <li><b>ALL_PROJECTED_ATTRIBUTES</b> : Allowed only when querying an index. Retrieves all attributes that have been projected into the index. If the index is configured to project all attributes, this return value is equivalent to specifying ALL_ATTRIBUTES</li> <li><b>COUNT</b> : Returns the number of matching items, rather than the matching items themselves</li> <li><b>SPECIFIC_ATTRIBUTES</b> : Returns only the attributes listed in ProjectionExpression. This return value is equivalent to specifying ProjectionExpression without specifying any value for Select</li> </ul> <li>If you use the <b>ProjectionExpression</b> parameter, then the value for Select can only be SPECIFIC_ATTRIBUTES. Any other value for Select will return an error.</li> </ul> </li> <li>Return Consumed Capacity Parameter<ul> <li>Determines the level of detail about either provisioned or on-demand throughput consumption that is returned in the response. There are following options :</li> <ul> <li>INDEXES - The response includes the aggregate ConsumedCapacity for the operation, together withConsumedCapacity for each table and secondary index that was accessed.</li> <li>TOTAL - The response includes only the aggregate ConsumedCapacity for the operation.</li> <li>NONE - No ConsumedCapacity details are included in the response.</li> </ul> </ul> </li> <li>KeyConditionExpression Parameter <ul> <li> To specify the search criteria, we use a key condition expression which is a string that determines the items to be read from the table or index. </li> <li> You must specify the partition key name and value as an equality condition. You cannot use a non-key attribute in a Key Condition Expression. </li> <li> You can optionally provide a second condition for the sort key (if present). The sort key condition must use one of the following comparison operators: <ul> <li> a = b — true if the attribute a is equal to the value b </li> <li> a < b — true if a is less than b </li> <li> a <= b — true if a is less than or equal to b </li> <li> a > b — true if a is greater than b </li> <li> a >= b — true if a is greater than or equal to b </li> <li> a BETWEEN b AND c — true if a is greater than or equal to b, and less than or equal to c.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>FilterExpression Parameter<ul><li>If you need to further refine the Query results, you can optionally provide a filter expression. A filter expression determines which items within the Query results should be returned to you. All of the other results are discarded.</li><li>A filter expression cannot contain partition key or sort key attributes. You need to specify those attributes in the key condition expression, not the filter expression.</li><li>The syntax for a filter expression is similar to that of a key condition expression. Filter expressions can use the same comparators, functions, and logical operators as a key condition expression. In addition, filter expressions can use the not-equals operator (<>), the OR operator, the CONTAINS operator, the IN operator, the BEGINS_WITH operator, the BETWEEN operator, the EXISTS operator, and the SIZE operator.</li></ul></li><li>ProjectionExpression Parameter<ul><li>A projection expression is a string that identifies the attributes that you want. To retrieve a single attribute, specify its name. For multiple attributes, the names must be comma-separated.</li></ul></li></ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ul> <li>Select Parameter<ul> <li>The Select parameter defines what attributes are supposed to be fetched. The options are as follows :</li> <ul> <li><b>ALL_ATTRIBUTES</b> : Returns all of the item attributes from the specified table or index. If you query a local secondary index, then for each matching item in the index, DynamoDB fetches the entire item from the parent table. If the index is configured to project all item attributes, then all of the data can be obtained from the local secondary index, and no fetching is required.</li> <li><b>ALL_PROJECTED_ATTRIBUTES</b> : Allowed only when querying an index. Retrieves all attributes that have been projected into the index. If the index is configured to project all attributes, this return value is equivalent to specifying ALL_ATTRIBUTES</li> <li><b>COUNT</b> : Returns the number of matching items, rather than the matching items themselves</li> <li><b>SPECIFIC_ATTRIBUTES</b> : Returns only the attributes listed in ProjectionExpression. This return value is equivalent to specifying ProjectionExpression without specifying any value for Select</li> </ul> <li>If you use the <b>ProjectionExpression</b> parameter, then the value for Select can only be SPECIFIC_ATTRIBUTES. Any other value for Select will return an error.</li> </ul> </li> <li>Return Consumed Capacity Parameter<ul> <li>Determines the level of detail about either provisioned or on-demand throughput consumption that is returned in the response. There options are as follows :</li> <ul> <li>INDEXES : The response includes the aggregate ConsumedCapacity for the operation, together withConsumedCapacity for each table and secondary index that was accessed.</li> <li>TOTAL - The response includes only the aggregate ConsumedCapacity for the operation.</li> <li>NONE - No ConsumedCapacity details are included in the response.</li> </ul> </ul> </li> <li>KeyConditionExpression Parameter <ul> <li> To specify the search criteria, we use a key condition expression which is a string that determines the items to be read from the table or index. </li> <li> You must specify the partition key name and value as an equality condition. You cannot use a non-key attribute in a Key Condition Expression. </li> <li> You can optionally provide a second condition for the sort key (if present). The sort key condition must use one of the following comparison operators: <ul> <li> a = b — true if the attribute a is equal to the value b </li> <li> a < b — true if a is less than b </li> <li> a <= b — true if a is less than or equal to b </li> <li> a > b — true if a is greater than b </li> <li> a >= b — true if a is greater than or equal to b </li> <li> a BETWEEN b AND c — true if a is greater than or equal to b, and less than or equal to c.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>FilterExpression Parameter<ul><li>If you need to further refine the Query results, you can optionally provide a filter expression. A filter expression determines which items within the Query results should be returned to you. All of the other results are discarded.</li><li>A filter expression cannot contain partition key or sort key attributes. You need to specify those attributes in the key condition expression, not the filter expression.</li><li>The syntax for a filter expression is similar to that of a key condition expression. Filter expressions can use the same comparators, functions, and logical operators as a key condition expression. In addition, filter expressions can use the not-equals operator (<>), the OR operator, the CONTAINS operator, the IN operator, the BEGINS_WITH operator, the BETWEEN operator, the EXISTS operator, and the SIZE operator.</li></ul></li><li>ProjectionExpression Parameter<ul><li>A projection expression is a string that identifies the attributes that you want. To retrieve a single attribute, specify its name. For multiple attributes, the names must be comma-separated.</li></ul></li></ul>
```

Reviewer: I also noticed the styling in some of these sections are inconsistent. For example, "ALL_ATTRIBUTES" under "Select Parameter" is bolded while "INDEXES" under "Return Consumed Capacity Parameter" is not. I think it would be good to practice consistency in instances like this.

Reviewer 2: Updated the code and resolved the issue.
